docs(mesh): MeshOPA composable policies and new format (#5398)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/mesh/features/meshopa.md

- Specify the group of data plane proxies to apply the policy to with the `targetRef` property.
- Provide a policy with the `appendPolicies` property. Policies are defined in the [Rego language](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/).
- Optionally provide custom configuration for the policy agent.

> {% if_version lte:2.1.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% if_version lte:2.1.x %}
```

The following environment variables are available:

> {% if_version lte:2.1.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% if_version lte:2.1.x %}

```

| KMESH_OPA_ENABLED          | bool      | Whether `kuma-dp` starts embedded OPA | true                |
| KMESH_OPA_EXT_AUTHZ_ADDR   | string    | Address of Envoy External AuthZ service | `localhost:9191`  |
| KMESH_OPA_CONFIG_OVERRIDES | strings   | Overrides for OPA configuration, in addition to config file(*) | `[plugins.envoy_ext_authz_grpc. query=data.envoy.authz.allow]` |

> {% endif_version %}
> {% if_version gte:2.2.x %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% endif_version %}
{% if_version gte:2.2.x %}

```

        # indicate to {{site.mesh_product_name}} that this Pod doesn't need a sidecar
        kuma.io/sidecar-env-vars: "KMESH_OPA_ENABLED=false;KMESH_OPA_ADDR=:8888;KMESH_OPA_CONFIG_OVERRIDES=config1:x,config2:y"
```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Universal %}

The `run` command on the data plane proxy accepts the following equivalent parameters if you prefer not to set environment variables:

```
--opa-addr
--opa-config-path
--opa-diagnostic-addr
--opa-enabled                    
--opa-ext-authz-addr
--opa-set strings
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

## Configuring the authorization filter

> You can configure external authorization filter by adjusting `authConfig` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the external authorization filter by adjusting the `authConfig` section.
```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}

{% if_version gte:2.2.x %}
## Composing policies

> In the organisation, mesh operator may want to set policy for subset of proxies in the mesh.
> At the same time, service owners may want to exercise additional policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your organization, the mesh operator may want to set a policy for subset of proxies in the mesh.
At the same time, service owners may want to exercise additional policies.
```

> For example, mesh operator may want to enable JWT token validation for all proxies in the mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the mesh operator may want to enable JWT token validation for all proxies in the mesh
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshOPA
metadata:
  name: mopa-mesh-operator
  namespace: kong-mesh-system
  labels:
    kuma.io/mesh: default
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: Mesh
  default:
    appendPolicies:
      - rego:
          inlineString: |
            package operator
            
            import input.attributes.request.http as http_request
            
            default allow = false
            
            token = {"valid": valid, "payload": payload} {
                [_, encoded] := split(http_request.headers.authorization, " ")
                [valid, _, payload] := io.jwt.decode_verify(encoded, {"secret": "secret"})
            }
            
            allow {
                is_token_valid
                action_allowed
            }
            
            is_token_valid {
              token.valid
              now := time.now_ns() / 1000000000
              token.payload.nbf <= now
              now < token.payload.exp
            }
            
            action_allowed {
              http_request.method == "GET"
              token.payload.role == "admin"
            }
```

> Service owner wants to block all requests on path `/blocked`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service owner wants to block all requests on path `/blocked`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: MeshOPA
metadata:
  name: mopa-service-owner
  namespace: kong-mesh-system
  labels:
    kuma.io/mesh: default
spec:
  targetRef:
    kind: MeshService
    name: test-server_kuma-demo_svc_80
  default:
    appendPolicies:
      - rego:
          inlineString: |
            package serviceowner
            
            default allow = true
            
            deny {
              input.parsed_path == ["blocked"]
            }
```

> `appendPolicies` is an appendable list therefore in case of data plane proxy of `test-server_kuma-demo_svc_80` service, both policies will be applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`appendPolicies` is a list you can append, therefore in the case of the data plane proxy `test-server_kuma-demo_svc_80` service, both policies will be applied.
```

> Kong Mesh will autogenerate an additional OPA decision policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong Mesh will autogenerate an additional OPA decision policy:
```

```rego
package implicitkmesh
import data.operator
import data.serviceowner

allow {
  data.operator.allow
  not data.operator.deny
  data.serviceowner.allow
  not data.serviceowner.deny
}
```

> and configure OPA agent decision path (`plugins.envoy_ext_authz_grpc.path`) to `implicitkmesh/allow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also configures the OPA agent decision path (`plugins.envoy_ext_authz_grpc.path`) to `implicitkmesh/allow`.
```

You can also add a rego policy which is not part of the decision.
Set a `appendPolicies[*].ignoreDecision` to true so the rego policy won't be added to autogenerated decision policy.

> This way, mesh operator can expose utility functions to service owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way, the mesh operator can expose utility functions to service owner.
```
